Improve cockpit installation (#588)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/cockpit/installation-guide/installation-guide-introduction.adoc

NOTE: This Installation Guide provides information about how to install Gravitee.io components. For external components, such as
MongoDB, see the relevant product documentation.

> Cockpit generates a certificate that will be used to authenticate installations (API/AM) that will connect. To create this certificate, you need to put private/public keys in keystore/truststore file and provide them using the following configuration attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cockpit generates a certificate that will be used to authenticate installations (APIM/AM) that will connect. To create this certificate, you need to put private/public keys in keystore/truststore file and provide them using the following configuration attributes:
```

[source,yaml]
----
keystore:
  type: pkcs12
  path: <path to the keystore file>
  password: <password>
truststore:
  type: pkcs12
  path: <path to the truststore file>
  password: <password>
----

You also need a certificate to activate SSL for the WebSocket. Put this certificate in a `server.p12` Keystore and provide it through the following configuration attributes:

[source,yaml]
----
ssl:
  keystore:
    type: pkcs12
    path: <path to the keystore file>
    password: <password>
  truststore:
    type: pkcs12
    path: <path to the truststore file>
    password: <password>
----

> WARNING: Cockpit won't start if no keystore/truststore are provided.

Reviewer: Do you think it could be a good idea to provide the steps to generate new certificates for dev purpose ?
I know that this is not supposed to be done this way for production, but maybe users discovering Cockpit might want to run it with a fake certificate / trustore before doing the real prod config :shrug:

Author: 🤷  I've hesitated to do it. I don't know

NOTE: This Installation Guide provides information about how to install Gravitee.io components. For external components, such as
MongoDB, see the relevant product documentation.

Cockpit generates a certificate that will be used to authenticate installations (APIM/AM) that will connect. To create this certificate, you need to put private/public keys in keystore/truststore file and provide them using the following configuration attributes:

[source,yaml]
----
keystore:
  type: pkcs12
  path: <path to the keystore file>
  password: <password>
truststore:
  type: pkcs12
  path: <path to the truststore file>
  password: <password>
----

You also need a certificate to activate SSL for the WebSocket. Put this certificate in a `server.p12` Keystore and provide it through the following configuration attributes:

[source,yaml]
----
ssl:
  keystore:
    type: pkcs12
    path: <path to the keystore file>
    password: <password>
  truststore:
    type: pkcs12
    path: <path to the truststore file>
    password: <password>
----

WARNING: Cockpit won't start if no keystore/truststore are provided.

== Generate certificates

> WARNING: Certificate commands are intended to be used exclusively for local development purposes.

Reviewer: If you don't have proper certificates yet, but still want to install Cockpit for dev purpose, you can generate some certificates locally. Please note that those certificates should not be used on production environments.

```suggestion
WARNING: The following commands are intended to be used exclusively for local development purposes.
```
